yeah
I think I see one right through
let's call they're just not
shooting fast enough i'm not
being very productive and
getting small games but i need
the food so it's pretty
important that i'm able to do
some successful rabbit hunting
I'm going to stay in this area
super high in protein vitamins
and minerals rabid me became
popular during the Great
Depression when American
families began raising their own
me to survive these lean years
today
commercially sold rabbit goes
for about six dollars a pound
about four times the price of
chicken
I feel like I'm more accurate
with a bow and arrow
so if i can get a bow made maybe
that'll give me an edge that
will let me make those difficult
shots
basically just using a hatchet a
knife and so not having modern
tools does make it more
challenging
there goes this is going to be a
pretty basic simple bow and I'm
just trying to get something
that's functional
it looks pretty good for coming
out of a log earlier
yeah
I have more invested in this NGO
working than just going out to
shoot a target for fun so I'm
really trying to do everything I
know how to do to make sure that
it's successful
I've got this string that I've
carried with me this whole way
i'm going to call that good for
now hopefully as it dries out
it'll stiffen up a little bit
need to make some arrows
this is the arrow shafts i
harvested the other day i think
i'm going to try to do three
feather fletching on the arrow
the three feathers seem to fly a
little better so it's not too
pretty but i got them on there
and use some pine pitch glue to
kind of cement the ends down
help it stay in place looks
pretty good
we'll see how flied
time to go hunting